03 Object-Oriented Programming assignment:

1. What are the six combinations of access modifier keywords and what do they do? 
Answer: The six combinations of access modifier keywords are public, private, protected, internal, protected internal, and private protected.
public can be accessed by other code in the same assembly or in other assembly that reference it; private can only be accessed in the same class; protected can be accessed in the same class or in the child class; internal can only be accessed by any code in the same assembly; protected internal can be accessed by any code in the assembly as long as it is declared; private protected can be accessed only by declared class within containing assembly.                


2.What is the difference between the static, const, and readonly keywords when applied to
a type member?
Answer: Static members are shared across all instance of a class; const members are unchaneable and are evaluated at compile time; readonly members are unchangeable and are evaluated at runtime.

3. what does a constructor do?
Answer: constructor is used to create instance of the class.

4. Why is the partial keyword useful?
Answer: the partial keyword is used to split the large class into multiple files for better code management.

5. What is a tuple?
Answer: tuple is a data structure that enable us to store multiple elements with different data types.

6. What does the C# record keyword do?
Answer: C# record is like a container for immutable data types, and properties of the object become readonly after the record object is created.

7. What does overloading and overriding mean?
Answer: overloading means method with the same name but different signatures; overriding means method in the parent class and subclass share the same method name and parameters but with different method implementations.

8. What is the difference between a field and a property?
Answer: field is the variable that is defined in a class; property is the accessor methods, which provide mechanism to read, write data fields in the class.

9. How do you make a method parameter optional?
Answer: we can use defaut values to make a method parameter optional.

10. What is an interface and how is it different from abstract class?
Answer: interface defines a couple of methods with method signatures without implementation. However, abstract class can both have abstract methods and concrete methods.

11. What accessibility level are members of an interface?
Answer: public

12. True/False. Polymorphism allows derived classes to provide different implementations
of the same method.
Answer: True.

13. True/False. The override keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is
providing its own implementation of a method.
Answer: True.

14. True/False. The new keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is
providing its own implementation of a method.
Answer: True.

15. True/False. Abstract methods can be used in a normal (non-abstract) class. 
Answer: False.

16.True/False. Normal (non-abstract) methods can be used in an abstract class. 
Answer: True.

17. True/False.Derived classes can override methods that were virtual in the base class. 
Answer: True.

18. True/False.Derived classes can override methods that were abstract in the base class. 
Answer: True.

19. True/False.In a derived class, you can override a method that was neither virtual non abstract in the
base class.
Answer: False.

20. True/False. A class that implements an interface does not have to provide an
implementation for all of the members of the interface.
Answer: False.

21. True/False. A class that implements an interface is allowed to have other members that
aren’t defined in the interface.
Answer: True.

22. True/False. A class can have more than one base class.
Answer: False.

23. True/False. A class can implement more than one interface.
Working with methods
Answer: True.

Code and Answers in Working with methods are in the assignment3.cs file.